refactor(fsrs): fuzz handling by moving it to the scheduler layer (#356)
open-spaced-repetition/ts-fsrs: packages/fsrs/README.md

const elapsedDays = 12
const nextState = scheduler.next_state(memoryState, elapsedDays, Rating.Good)
const nextInterval = scheduler.next_interval(nextState.stability)

// Optional: apply fuzz at the upper layer (the scheduler does this internally

> // during repeat()/next()). Supply your own seed for deterministic results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// If you need to manually apply fuzz, use the "withFuzzing" function
// (the scheduler does this automatically if you use repeat()/next()).
// Supply your own seed if you want consistent results.
```

const fuzzed = withFuzzing(
  nextInterval,
  elapsedDays,
  scheduler.parameters,
  'my-seed'
)

console.log(nextState)
console.log(nextInterval, fuzzed)
```

> `next_interval` returns the base interval. Fuzzing now lives in the scheduler/strategy layer — call `withFuzzing` (exported from `ts-fsrs`) if you need to apply it manually. This is useful for simulations, analytics, or custom scheduling pipelines. For standard review flows, prefer `repeat()` or `next()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`next_interval` returns the base interval. Fuzzing is automatically applied in the scheduler/strategy layer — call `withFuzzing` (exported from `ts-fsrs`) if you need to apply it manually. This is useful for simulations, analytics, or custom scheduling pipelines. For standard review flows, prefer `repeat()` or `next()`.
```
